1- What was the original short of Rick & Morty a parody of?

"Alien", "Terminator", "Twilight", "Back to the Future"

The series has its origins in an animated parody of Back to the Future created by Roiland for film festival Channel 101. Adult Swim approached Harmon for television show ideas, and he and Roiland developed the program based on the short's two characters.

2. How long did it take Justin and Dan to break down the show's story, sell the pilot and write its first draft?

"One day", "One week", "One month", "Ten years"

The first draft was completed in six hours on the Paramount Pictures lot in Dan Harmon's unfurnished Community office. The duo had broken the story that day, sold the pilot, and then sat down to write. Roiland, while acknowledging a tendency for procrastination, encouraged Harmon to stay and write the entire first draft

3. What does the giant head in the sky want?

"Earth domination", "The planet's best song", "World peace", "A facelift"

In "Get Schwifty", the fifth episode of season two, a massive alien head appears over the Earth, interfering with Earth's gravity and spawning several global disasters in the process. When the head exclaims, "Show me what you got," Rick travels to The Pentagon to inform the President of the United States that the alien head is a Cromulon, and it seeks a live performance of a catchy new song.

4. What kind of war starts when Unity loses control?

"A religion war", "A gang war", "A race war", "An intergalactic war"

In the third episode of season two, Unity has so much fun partying with Rick and performing crazy stunts that it loses control of some of the citizens. The citizens start a race war, and chase after Morty and Summer.

5. What kind of creatures Rick fights alongside his grand-children when he is tiny Rick?

"Werewolves", "Witches", "Sirens", Vampires"

In "Big Trouble In Little Sanchez", the seventh episode of the second season, the school's lunch lady is found dead, her body drained of blood and marked by two holes in her neck. Rick then nonchalently reveals that vampires are real and that humanity has known of their existence for hundreds of years.

6. In the same episode, what is the name of the gym teacher?

"Coach Feratu", "Coach Dracule", "Coach Vampiro", "Steve"

Coach Feratu is an unseen character that was mentioned in the episode Big Trouble In Little Sanchez. He was a Vampire who was employed as a gym teacher at Harry Herpson High School. The name Coach Feratu was an alias he used while being around humans. His real vampire name is Balik Alistane.

7. In "Rixty Minutes", Rick and Morty watch the trailer of a movie called "Two brothers". Who wrote this trailer?

"Dan Harmon", "Dan Harmon's super-intelligent dog", "Justin Roiland's daughter", "It was improvised"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ziXpIPAhD4
"With Justin in the voice-over booth, we had to acquire a disciplined lack of discipline to look at the script and throw it away. You can hear him stumble on words, which gives an organic, infectious feel to it." -Dan Harmon

8. What dimension are Rick and Morty originally from?

"Dimension 35-C", "Dimension C-132", "Dimension C-137", "Dimension J-19-Zeta-7"

Dimension C-137 is the universe where the mainstream Rick and Morty are often identified as coming from. Given that Rick does not list his current Jerry as originating in the same dimension as him, it is implied that this Dimension C-137 is the reality that was overrun by Cronenbergs in "Rick Potion #9."

9. Originally, how long were Rick and Morty episodes supposed to be?

"5 minutes", "11 minutes", "34 minutes", "57 minutes"

Justin Roiland originally wanted Rick & Morty to consist of 11 min episode, but Adult Swim pushed for longer episodes.

10. What does "Wubaluba dub dub" mean?

"I will kill you", "I'm in great pain", "Can you pass the salt?", "Let's party!"

In the episode Ricksy Business, Rick used the catchphrase multiple times, and Birdperson explains to Morty that it in his language it means "I am in great pain, please help me."